README.md, before:

# COGS105
Course Website for COGS105 Introduction to Statistical Learning

## A book I will sometimes use to make lectures. 

### Github page of textbook 

https://github.com/intro-stat-learning

### YOUTUBE LINK OF BOOK AUTHORS 

https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLoROMvodv4rPP6braWoRt5UCXYZ71GZIQ

## Course Materials for COGS105 

### 9/30: A really nice conceptual introduction to Least Squares Fitting 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S0ptaAXNxBU

## YOUTUBE LINK FOR CLASS LECTURES

https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLYm0Y925CmSzuZEwZI7zCQV3fpVxDP8GM

## Scientific Python

### Python has a large number of tools available for doing data science, sometimes referred to as 'scientific Python'. 

### The scientific Python ecosystem revolves around some a set of core modules, including:

- Numerical Python `numpy` https://numpy.org/
- File I/O and Data Analysis/Visualization `pandas` http://pandas.pydata.org/
- Data Visualization `matplotlib` https://matplotlib.org/
- Advanced Data Visualization `seaborn` https://seaborn.pydata.org/
- Scientific Python (Signal Processing and Statistics) `scipy`  https://scipy.org/
- Machine Learning `scikit-learn` https://scikit-learn.org/stable/

### **PYTHON REVIEW: Link to course materials (Lectures) for COGS 14P** 

https://github.com/rameshsrinivasanuci/COGS14P_S23

### **Numpy for MATLAB Users**

https://numpy.org/doc/stable/user/numpy-for-matlab-users.html

## DATA SOURCES FOR FINAL PROJECT

### kaggle.com has a lot of data sets, and has the advantage of having a lot of code you can leverage to help you ###

https://www.kaggle.com/datasets

### **Data I remember was used in 2023** 

### UFC Fight Data 

https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/rajeevw/ufcdata

### Most streamed Spotify songs 

https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/nelgiriyewithana/top-spotify-songs-2023/data

### NBA Data 

https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/nathanlauga/nba-games

### Recidivism

https://www.kaggle.com/competitions/recidivism-forecasting-challenge/data

### Resources 

<iframe title='Embedded Media titled: Anaconda Python and Visual Studio Code' aria-label='Embedded Media titled: Anaconda Python and Visual Studio Code' width="560"  height="315"  src="https://uci.yuja.com/V/Video?v=8755196&node=37825848&a=33941185&preload=false" frameborder="0" webkitallowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen allowfullscreen loading="lazy"></iframe>

## YOUTUBE LINK FOR COGS/PSYCH 14P (Intro Python) LECTURES 

https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLYm0Y925CmSzijXpQLKK2zPSo4rbLvZlv

Commit message:

cool lecture links- better than mine!

README.md, after:

# COGS105
Course Website for COGS105 Introduction to Statistical Learning

## A book I will sometimes use to make lectures. 

### Github page of textbook 

https://github.com/intro-stat-learning

### YOUTUBE LINK OF BOOK AUTHORS 

https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLoROMvodv4rPP6braWoRt5UCXYZ71GZIQ

### This is a really great playlist of a course that significantly the material I will be going over, and it also provides some introductory python lectures. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=162503oCJqE&list=PLmxpwhh4FDm5zuA_63jV6iiz5wrg76UHV


## Course Materials for COGS105 

### 9/30: A really nice conceptual introduction to Least Squares Fitting 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S0ptaAXNxBU

### 10/7 The first 10 minutes of this lecture, cover some of the material  I will talk about on 10/7.  The later parts of this video, I will also be covering, but in about a week. 

I like her calmness and pacing.  Its a nice contrast from me. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u6kKOldSYs8

## YOUTUBE LINK FOR CLASS LECTURES

https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLYm0Y925CmSzuZEwZI7zCQV3fpVxDP8GM

## Scientific Python

### Python has a large number of tools available for doing data science, sometimes referred to as 'scientific Python'. 

### The scientific Python ecosystem revolves around some a set of core modules, including:

- Numerical Python `numpy` https://numpy.org/
- File I/O and Data Analysis/Visualization `pandas` http://pandas.pydata.org/
- Data Visualization `matplotlib` https://matplotlib.org/
- Advanced Data Visualization `seaborn` https://seaborn.pydata.org/
- Scientific Python (Signal Processing and Statistics) `scipy`  https://scipy.org/
- Machine Learning `scikit-learn` https://scikit-learn.org/stable/

### **PYTHON REVIEW: Link to course materials (Lectures) for COGS 14P** 

https://github.com/rameshsrinivasanuci/COGS14P_S23

### **Numpy for MATLAB Users**

https://numpy.org/doc/stable/user/numpy-for-matlab-users.html

## DATA SOURCES FOR FINAL PROJECT

### kaggle.com has a lot of data sets, and has the advantage of having a lot of code you can leverage to help you ###

https://www.kaggle.com/datasets

### **Data I remember was used in 2023** 

### UFC Fight Data 

https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/rajeevw/ufcdata

### Most streamed Spotify songs 

https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/nelgiriyewithana/top-spotify-songs-2023/data

### NBA Data 

https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/nathanlauga/nba-games

### Recidivism

https://www.kaggle.com/competitions/recidivism-forecasting-challenge/data

### Resources 

<iframe title='Embedded Media titled: Anaconda Python and Visual Studio Code' aria-label='Embedded Media titled: Anaconda Python and Visual Studio Code' width="560"  height="315"  src="https://uci.yuja.com/V/Video?v=8755196&node=37825848&a=33941185&preload=false" frameborder="0" webkitallowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen allowfullscreen loading="lazy"></iframe>

## YOUTUBE LINK FOR COGS/PSYCH 14P (Intro Python) LECTURES 

https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLYm0Y925CmSzijXpQLKK2zPSo4rbLvZlv
